---
title: Blog 10
layout: post
author: jaiman.bhardwaj
permalink: /blog-10/
source-id: 14B00-LF4y9bzzR6y0ToRw1zq1SaHtI7D0uOapoZEpLM
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>Learning about ascii</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td>18/01/17</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>I had no idea what ascii meant or what ascii was or just anything to do with ascii really. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>to understand how ascii works.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>sort of, I now know what ascii is and the basics, but there is still more to learn that we covered in the lesson, but I don't remember.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


 

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>During the lesson, I listened to mr keen well, even though around 70% of the time spent listening to mr keen was actually spent talking about the furthest thing from ascii. I also attempted the work which was set, but as my lack of spreadsheet knowledge would suggest, I was unable to complete the spread sheet in the lesson so I did it for homework (as was told to do)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>my lack of skills with using a spreadsheet allowed me to not only sit there staring blankly at a screen but also to do practically nothing useful for the time we were set to do the spreadsheet.

I need to start asking for help more during lessons (especially the lessons we use spreadsheets in. This would allow me to learn more about spreadsheets and not be the worst in the class with spreadsheets.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>next lesson I will ask more questions not only when we are doing the actual work that was set, but also when we are all listening to you talk at the front. (Also I will ask good, intellectual questions, not dumb useless questions).</td>
  </tr>
</table>


